Good Guys:
DJ Heartbeat (Heart)
Leftie (Brainiac)
Rightie (Brainiac)
Lazy (Eye)
Patch (Eye) : Patch wears an Eyepatch for 4 hours each day in order help Lazy take the lead
Bronchi (Lung)
Oles (Lung)
Molar (Teeth)
Premolar (Teeth)
Sir Rabellum (Cerebellum)

Bad Guys:
Dr Decay (Teeth):
Greedy, motivated by money, causes overeating and laziness.
	Plan 1: Overgrow food supply causing everyone to grow fat and lazy, defeated by a race which showed citizens of Hip Hop the damage he caused and stopped buying his merchendise. Directly affected San Pancreasco
	Plan 2: Start 2 Theme parks called Candy Town and Fizzy Springs Located near Colonrado River. Caused Teeth to weaken Enamal Bodies. He isn't defeated but citizens are only allowed to visit the parks once a week and have to take baths before and after the visit. Directly Affect Teeth

Ash Matic (Lungs):
Pours a chemical into Colonrado River to thicken the water, defeated by crew pouring Ventolin into the river and chasing him away. Directly affected Lung and Lungdon Forest.

Mel Anoma (Teeth):
Motivated by domination over hip hop island, tells lies in order to cause people to become cancer zombies. Defeated by hats and sunglasses.

Bacteria Brothers:
Needs Dirty Energy in order to mulitply, Dirty Energy is produced through citizens not looking after themselves and leaving trash around.

Places:
Hip Hop (Name of Island)
Heartlam (Heartbeat's Home)
Brainjing (Brainiac's Home)
Visionzuela (Eye's Home):
	Mt. Eyeverest
Lungdon Forest (Lung's Home):
	Lungdon East
	Lungdon West
	Lungdon Bridge
Chewnai (Teeth's Home) 
San Pancreasco
Colonrado River
Liverpool
Skidney East
Skidney West
Bottom Harbour
Toettanham
Toeyo

Ecosystem:
Alveoli Trees: Alveoli Trees take the garbage from Red Worker Cells and remove them from the Island through the Colonrado Cannal. Each lung family is responsible for growing and taking care of one Alveoli tree.
Cancer Zombies: If anyone on the island is exposed to the sun without protection (Hats, Sunglasses) for too long, they become Cancer Zombies. Cancer Zombies are able to turn other people on the island into Cancer Zombies.
Eyehouses: Eyehouses are used to guide all movement on Hip Hop Island to make sure their is not traffic problems.
Felin: The energy source for the island
Immunisation Flood Drill: A procedure done by LAPD and WBCA in order train new cells and reduce damage caused by real floods. This drill is performed every year.
Flouride Soup: Soup used by Teeth to maintain strong bodies
Liverpool: Deals with Solid Waste
Skidney East and West: Deals with Liquid Waste

Organisations(Good):
FedIn
Epiglottis Factory
Lymph Angels Police Department (LAPD)
White Blood Cell Army (WBCA)
